[LB] Get started (#2122)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/load-balancing/src/content/additional-options/load-balancing-rules/create-rules.md

---
order: 15
pcx-content-type: how-to
---

# Create custom rules

> Create and manage [Load Balancing rules](../load-balancing-rules) in the **Custom Rules** page, which is part of the Create/Edit Load Balancer workflow in the **Traffic** app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create and manage [Load Balancing rules](../load-balancing-rules) in the **Custom Rules** page, which is part of the Create/Edit Load Balancer workflow found in **Traffic** on the dashboard.
```
